Add Application centric deployment guide (#453)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deploying_an_application_instance.adoc

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance"]
= Deploying an Application Instance

> 

Reviewer: Introduce what the procedure does and why to do it, and any prerequisites.

Author: Would it be useful to list configured "Ansible playbook", "application definition", and "application instance" as a requirement?

So far, I've added minimal "one sentence" introductions to each procedure.

Reviewer: There is a documentation book called "Every Page is Page One". I am unsure if I read it, because I think that's the entire point of the book. So, if you were to treat the fact that people won't read the docs like a book, but might google and end up on this page, on this section, it would be helpful to have a list of prereqs with links to the relevant sections.

Author: I've added a list of requirements to the introduction section.

xref:{context}_application_instances[Application instances] can be deployed once or multiple times.

.Procedure

> . Navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Deploy* button.

> If the selected application instance has been deployed before, you will be prompted to confirm redeploying existing hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the selected application instance has been deployed before, you are prompted to confirm redeploying to existing hosts.
```

Author: Applied.

Confirming this automatically starts provisioning the specified hosts and configuring them according to the Ansible playbook.

[CAUTION]
====
The firewall settings must be handled by the Ansible playbook itself.
Make sure to open any required network ports for any defined service by creating an additional role or task in the Ansible playbook.
====

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance_run_playbook"]
== Run Playbook

.Procedure
. Navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.
. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Run Playbook* button from the drop down menu.
This will automatically start configuring the specified hosts according to the Ansible playbook.

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance_run_playbook_customize_first"]
== Run Playbook - Customize First

.Procedure

> . Navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Applications* > *App Instances*.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Run Playbook - customize first* button from the drop down menu.
This opens the *Job Invocation* page with prefilled instructions to deploy the application instance.

> It allows you to customize your application instance deployment and configuration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your application instance deployment and configuration as follows:
```
IBM Style

Author: Fixed.

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance"]
= Deploying an Application Instance

You can deploy multi-host applications using xref:{context}_application_instances[application instances].

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.
. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Deploy* button.

> If the selected application instance has been deployed before, you are prompted to confirm redeploying to existing hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the selected application instance has been deployed before, confirm that you want to redeploy to existing hosts.
```

Author: Applied.

> Confirming this automatically starts provisioning the specified hosts and configuring them according to the Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Unnecessary

Author: Removed.

[CAUTION]
====
The firewall settings must be handled by the Ansible playbook itself.
Make sure to open any required network ports for any defined service by creating an additional role or task in the Ansible playbook.
====

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance_run_playbook"]

> == Run Playbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Running the Ansible Playbook
```

Author: Applied.

You can rerun the Ansible playbook to reconfigure existing hosts.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.
. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Run Playbook* button from the drop down menu.

> This will automatically start configuring the specified hosts according to the Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Removed.

[id="{context}_deploying_an_application_instance_run_playbook_customize_first"]

> == Run Playbook - Customize First

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Customizing an Ansible Playbook to Reconfigure Hosts
```

Reviewer: Ideally we are as clear as possible in our titles. Feel free to rework this, but please do more than use the button name because it doesn't quite capture what is going on.

Author: Applied.

You can customize and rerun the Ansible playbook to reconfigure existing hosts.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Applications > App Instances*.
. Select the application instance you want to deploy and click the *Run Playbook - customize first* button from the drop down menu.

> This opens the *Job Invocation* page with prefilled instructions to deploy the application instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Trust the user and the UX team here. This wastes their time reading. It's anti-minimalist.

Author: Removed.

You can customize your application instance deployment and configuration as follows:
+

> ** You can make the Ansible playbook output more verbose.
> ** You can add more Ansible variables before executing the Ansible playbook.
> ** You can set the amount of concurrently running Ansible tasks.
> ** You can select specific tags and hereby limit the tasks of the Ansible playbook that will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can make the Ansible playbook output more verbose.
* You can add more Ansible variables before executing the Ansible playbook.
* You can set the amount of concurrently running Ansible tasks.
* You can select specific tags and hereby limit the tasks of the Ansible playbook that will be executed.
```

Author: This does not result in a visual change.
Is there an explicit convention to handle is this way?

Changed.

Alternatively, you can also choose to skip specific tasks by selecting tags to skip.
+
Those options are passed to the Ansible playbook.

+
Clicking the *Submit* button at the bottom without making a change simply runs the Ansible playbook and deploys the application instance.

[TIP]
====

> You may also choose to deploy the application instance at a certain point of time in the future or recurringly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to deploy the application instance at a certain point of time in the future or recurringly.
```
